This repo hit 30,000 stars within 12
days of going viral. It has 120 AI
personas that you can clone in just 10
seconds for marketing, engineering,
sales, design, QA, game development, and
special computing. I've tested it. Here
is the generic output and here is the
output with specialized persona loaded.
Same model, same question. And I saw
significant improvement in the response
quality. In this video, we are going to
cover what really it is, how it works,
how to use it in cloud code that turns
them from static prawn files into actual
working sub aents that run in parallel,
keep their own context, and even build
memory across sessions. And that last
part is the most useful thing in the
video. So stay till the end. Agency
agents is open source collection of
about 120 markdown files. This number
may increase going forward. And each
file is a structured AI persona. Now one
important clarification is that despite
the name agency agents, these are not AI
agents in the way most people think of
that term. They do not use tools on
their own. They do not have persistent
memory. They do not make autonomous
decisions. They are structured system
prompts. You can think of them as
detailed job descriptions for AI. But
with the right setup, you can turn them
into actual working sub aents in cloud
code. We will get to that. Let me show
you what is actually inside one of these
files. Now this is marketing growth
hacker agent. At the top you have got
YAML formatter name, description, tools,
color, emoji and w. Then it has the
identity layer. This agent has a name, a
personality. Then it has the core
capabilities. Then it has specialized
skills, decision framework and success
metrics. It is a job description, not a
oneliner. But does it actually make a
difference? Let us test it. It's the
same model and same task. Now I'm going
to ask help me create a content
marketing strategy for a B2B SAS product
that helps small teams manage projects.
Our query will remain the same but on
the right hand side we will also add the
Asian personality. I'll copy it from
here and paste it over here. Now let's
run both of these and see how it goes.
Now both of these are complete. Let's
open the file generated by the query
without any persona. Looks like there is
some issue loading this document. So
let's ask it to fix.
All right, the issue is fixed. Now let's
download the file and open it. And here
is the doc. It has the executive
summary, ideal customer profile and
buyer personas,
then content pillars and messaging
framework, channel strategy,
then quarterly content road map, KPIs
and success metrics, team and budget and
competitive differentiation in content.
So this is a decent response. Now let's
look at the response generated by our
second query where we used the agent
persona. Let's download the file and
open it. Again it contains the executive
summary, ideal customer profile, content
pillars and topics. But I think this is
more detailed. It has multiple pillars,
SEO and keyword strategy. It has defined
it in multiple tiers and then it has 12
month content calendar framework,
distribution and channel strategy, lead
generation and conversion optimization.
then metrics, KPIs and reporting, then
growth experiments, then recommended
budget allocation and 30 60 90day action
plan. As you can see, this is much more
detailed and the quality of the doc has
improved significantly from our previous
one. Let's drop both of these files over
here and we'll ask claude itself to
evaluate both of these and tell us which
is better and why. And here we go. So,
it says doc with Asian personite wins by
roughly 68% versus 32%. And that is
huge. Agent persona version is
significantly better because of depth
and actionability. Content calendar is
actually usable. Email nurture is fully
built out. Keyword strategy is 3x more
specific. Growth experiments and PLG
loops and repurposing framework. And
this is the weighted scorecard. We got
8.65 versus 6.05 which is around 60 to
70% increase in the quality. Now setting
this up is really easy. You need to come
to this GitHub repo. Click on code. You
can either download the zip directly and
start using the files or you can clone
it. But if you plan to make changes to
those files and then push them back then
I would suggest you fork this project
then create fork. Once this is done you
will start seeing it in your space. Then
you can go to code copy this command
then open visual studio and make sure
you have cloud code extension installed.
Then click on these three dots click on
terminal new terminal. And here you can
run git clone and paste the URL. Make
sure you have git installed on your
computer. And within 5 seconds you will
have all of your agency agents in your
project. Next let's open cloud code. And
now we need to perform a really
important step which is transforming
these agent files into sub aents that
can be used by cloud code. And to do
that we need to scroll down copy this
command from here. Let's ask claude to
execute it. And it is done with a setup.
It has set up the Asian directories at
this path. Let's copy this path and to
confirm let's cd into this directory in
the terminal. Now let's run ls command
and it will give us the list of all the
directories and files present at this
path and as you can see it has copied
everything. Similarly you can set it up
for all of these tools. You just need to
run the corresponding command. All
right. So now how do we use these
prompts for our cloud code agent? And
it's really simple. We can either give
the name of our agent persona over here
and ask it to use that agent or we can
even tag that particular MD file and it
will pick it up from there. So this is
the part I said was the most useful.
Let's say you are building a landing
page. Instead of doing everything
sequentially, you tell Claude research
the UX layout, content strategy and SEO
requirements in parallel using separate
sub aents
and claude will launch three sub aents
simultaneously and look at these todos.
First one is research UX layout
requirements via UX architect sub agent.
Second is research content strategy via
content creator sub aent and third one
is research SEO via SEO specialist sub
agent and it has launched all of these
three sub aents in parallel. All the
three sub aents are now done. It has
created these documents that contains a
detailed content strategy and SEO
strategy. This is the multi- aent
orchestration and instead of you
manually switching between personas,
Claude is the orchestrator. It routes
tasks to the right specialist
automatically. Now let's talk about the
real long-term value. You can pick an
agent that is close to what you need.
Let's say LinkedIn content creator.
And now you can very easily customize it
as per your requirement. You can change
the vibe colors and you can add your
tools that this agent will have access
to. You can set your own model for this
sub aent by adding model colon your
model name. And you can even give a
persistent memory directory to this sub
aent by adding memory colon project.
This gives the agent a persistent memory
directory that survives across
conversations. So every time you use it,
it learns from your content creation
patterns, your terminology, your
framing, etc. It writes these to a
memory file that it reads at the start
of the next session. And once you do all
of these things, what you have is not
some generic prompt file. Instead, it is
your custom sub agent which is tuned to
your specific use case and it gets
smarter and smarter every time you use
it. Before you go all in, let us talk
about what is not perfect because I
think the honest picture is more useful
than hype. First one is we don't have
any benchmarks yet. The MIT study tells
us that structured prompts should help
and our test shows a visible difference
as well. But nobody has done rigorous
quantitative testing of these specific
personas against alternatives. So these
are not necessarily the best system
prompts that exist for these roles.
Second is quality varies. 120 agents
from 50 plus contributors. Some are
deeply researched with specific
frameworks, detailed workflows and real
deliverables. Others may be thinner. The
recently added divisions are newer and
less battle tested than the originals.
So is it worth using? Yes, if you do it
right, but it would be a better idea to
treat it as a starting point, not a
magic solution. You can pick one agent,
test it, fork it, customize it, build
memory. That is how you go from a prompt
library to an actual AI workflow that
gets better over time. Tell me in the
comments which agent personas would be
most useful for your work right now. In
the next video, we are going deeper.
I'll be picking agents from this repo
and use them to build real workflows. If
that sounds useful, subscribe so you
don't miss it.